it is possible to graduate in four years, but there are a few circumstances
that have to be in place. I think for that to happen, Number one,
you have to be able to go to school full time every semester during
that four year period. And to be successful that it means that you
cannot be, for instance, holding down a full time job. At the same
time, most students who work full time are not successful when they
attempt to take a full time load. So if you're working 20 hours a
week or less than it may be possible, Um, but again, the time requirement
for a full time load is really like a full time job. It's about
40 hours a week. Eso you've gotta have that time to devote, um, depending
on your major, depending on the requirements. And if you have
a minor, um, you may also find that you're going to need to take classes
either during one of the summer sessions or in the intercession,
which is the session over winter. Um, so if you could do that and
again, you know you can't probably be working during those times because
or at least not full time, Um, then it may be possible for you
to graduate in four years